release: v1.59.0 (#6438)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_glasser_pq_safelist_override.md

> ### Ability to skip Persisted Query List safelisting enforcement via plugin ([PR #6403](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6403))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Ability to skip persisted query list safelisting enforcement via plugin ([PR #6403](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6403))
```

If safelisting is enabled, a `router_service` plugin can skip enforcement of the safelist (including the `require_id` check) by adding the key `apollo_persisted_queries::safelist::skip_enforcement` with value `true` to the request context.

> (This does not affect the logging of unknown operations by the `persisted_queries.log_unknown` option.)
> 
> In cases where an operation would have been denied but is allowed due to the context key existing, the attribute
> `persisted_queries.safelist.enforcement_skipped` is set on the `apollo.router.operations.persisted_queries` metric with value true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: this doesn't affect the logging of unknown operations by the `persisted_queries.log_unknown` option.

In cases where an operation would have been denied but is allowed due to the context key existing, the attribute `persisted_queries.safelist.enforcement_skipped` is set on the `apollo.router.operations.persisted_queries` metric with value `true`.
```
